[Music] I
wanted to comment on this a little because the
other day I was talking about it with
our little girl, I don't know if you remember
that we were watching the topic of
Rito Mejide cutting off Irene Montero
on a video call because they were
talking about vacating and all that
stuff and Irene Montero goes
her own way, takes her own way, takes her own way
and gets into trouble with, with Ana Rosa Quintana.
No, I said it the other day and I don't know if you
remember that I thought it was bad
of Rito to cut her off, let's
see, one thing is that they do something to you,
that they say outrageous
things to you, that they say tremendous things to you.
But because Irene Montero says her
nonsense and I don't agree with
what she says, obviously not this thing
about how you can't have a
real estate business because, like, potato. I mean, if
I make money because things are going
well for me or because you invest or
whatever and suddenly you want to invest in
houses and rent and buy and sell and
those things, each one  with their money no and
with their businesses but well the
Hoya ideas of these people no but if you
hire Irene Montero as a panelist
let her speak or rather what you don't that
's as if you take and hire as a
panelist as a collaborator you
hire pocholo and you expect him to
stay in his chair politely
come on if you hire pocholo on
a show it's to give you content
not because you know what pocholo is like because you
know that he's going to get up because you know
that he's going to insult someone because he knows
what it's like no obviously when there are
atrocities he stops her But I don't think
going on Montero was being
disrespectful he was talking some nonsense of his
man I mean why are we going to see
if you take Montero as a
panelist it's so that Irene Montero can
do her things Irene Montero things
but let her express herself let her express herself
but the worst thing that I thought was okay
after that is that the next day you
bring Ana Rosa to answer and it's like
but be it  let's see let's see you
bring Ana Rosa to answer that
I imagine that Ana Rosa eh I don't know
because of the schedule maybe and Ana Rosa was
live from her program or in other words more
diffusion yet no then as if she has
connected four with tele5 I don't know if
that's like that eh but come on, I mean you cut
Irene Montero so that she doesn't say anything
about Ana Rosa because she's powerful and all that
stuff goes hand in hand No but now I
mean if you cut her off why do you bring a a
why do you bring the other one who answers
that it doesn't make sense it doesn't make
sense lady hates businessmen
hates the company this lady that yes
I have a real estate company like that for
rentals not just
tourist But you can have the company you
want but if it's that let's see if
companies didn't exist what I mean about the
issue of free housing Javi you
also asked when you had signed The
pipe of peace with juanjus that no one
talk about him therefore eh it's the
same man I think it's different
dolores I think it's different do you
understand me one thing is a
YouTube channel of  someone who has a pact
that one of the parties is fulfilling and
the other is not but at least I want to
fulfill it no and I say don't talk to me here
about that youtuber, don't criticize him No
but on a television network there is
supposed to be freedom, I mean the same
as I'm telling you, I don't talk about some
youtubers but if suddenly here Marina
eh or FJ or I don't know who says something about
someone in one I can't control it
either nor nor if he's not
saying something tremendous he's not
accusing him of a crime, he's not you know I'm not
going to cut it off either I don't know if he's
expressing himself and it goes with the topic but it
's different pain has nothing to do with one
thing with the other my brother sio eh Also
sale sio In fact, I'm going to do a
new project now that I'm studying in
Madrid coworking eh eh I have a
production company and I have other things And you know
why I have other things because I've
worked because I've earned of course like
you have earned having your
advertising company like you
earn now as a producer like
any businessman in this country of course
what would we live on If companies didn't exist
but it's that it is  the economy is that,
well it's that but this is what I'm
telling you, I mean, this is what would have been
very good, what would have been
powerful content. Hey, I hope it comes up
during the week, it hasn't been
ruled out yet, no, but what would have been
powerful content is for Irene Montero and
Ana Rosa to have had a face-to-face conversation. I mean, I
mean, if they had been
intelligent, you know, healthcare, education,
and housing should be the responsibility of the
public administration, they are
constitutional rights, damn. But then it's
very complicated, that doesn't
work. Andrea, it's very nice. Eh, very
nice, but of course, how do you distribute
housing based on what? Because of course, each
home is different, there are some that are
nicer than others, and there are
some that are better located than
others. Man, I understand that there has always
been what there was before, not the
public protection
aid, aid for Spaniards, very Spaniards
who work or try, but
fulfilling certain requirements, who really
need that aid, for example, I
remember when, kid, realize how
about Black. Hello, grandpa, are you going to make it
extendable? In the end, you can put that
each Euro is 30 or 40 seconds and  each
member a minute like that we get to 10
walk blacks in no time damn but of course we
get there because you count on the fact that we're going to
spend 12 hours but if I set those
prices Maybe what happens is that after
half an hour I have to close the
live because nobody
donates really I don't know if I'm going to be the
extendable but maybe if I do it it would be a
better idea to do it the la next week
when people have collected But the thing is that I
think that in reality whoever wanted to
contribute the box has already done so And they
will continue to do so maybe
next month other contributions you know
So I an extendable I don't know is that you
know what happens with the extendable and and
you notice this on a daily basis And
today for example I have finished
recording the narration for the
New York blog that you're going to have tomorrow the day
after one I don't know eh the
editor is doing it okay em it has nothing to do with
how I record the first thing I record in the
day maybe in the afternoon or the first
live for example today I have been
recording in the afternoon the narration now
I am live but then I am going to record a
video in the  main when the
two live streams are over the first thing you record of
the day has nothing to do with the
last thing you record of the day why
Because after 28 hours So what's
happening is that I don't know if being
live for 12 hours is going to be worth it go on I do
n't know the truth I don't know the truth if
you guys are asking me hard but it's that you
're not asking me It's that I don't
think you're that interested eh I mean
I really no no no I'm not seeing you guys
very interested in it in the extendable one
if you guys ask me you know that
I'm the ones in charge okay
you're my boss no man well
we're a community but if you guys
feel like spending 12 hours here on Sunday
I'll spend 12 hours here in the morning with
Franco's new video game we spend
a couple of hours or three playing I'll
put Leo here and also the whole camera
and we'll start playing the
sanctuary map we laugh our heads off and that way we can
promote it then I can invite
trium in the afternoon to  but no, I wouldn't
do it in the main page eh I would do it later I would
upload extracts everywhere but I
think I wouldn't do it in the main page
But well we would see m then we can
invite Trium there is news about the
Daniel Sancho case then I can invite I
can invite people the truth is I have
people that we could invite for an
hour another one for an hour another one you know then
go not to comment on these topics then topics
of the kids I don't know the truth if you really
want to but the thing is that I don't think you really want to
No look when
I was a kid like when we
had I think before having a
girl I think before having a girl when
Lorena was pregnant I'm
telling you that there I would have my there
I would have my daughter born in
10 well there I was 25 years old okay
with Well at 24 not at 2 4 years old I
worked my 1000 Maybe if I did
a lot of overtime 10000 not what
all the normal people earn
in this country
no Lorena sometimes worked as a shop
assistant  this the other It depends on what
he got no And the truth is that you already know
How things are no and We
have
taken I remember I don't know if it
still existed but of course we
met the requirements if prepare
all the aid that came out I
remember that there was the one for rent that at
that time I don't know how the
rents are now in Seville you know how
the rents are in Seville back
then the rents eh I
paid in two sisters 200 no sorry 200
no 400 euros I think it was with all the
pain in the world 400 and and half they
gave you help the government gave you
help that was half but of course It's
logical No if you are earning 1000 and
with 1000 you have to run a house for
adante you know with a baby born you know because of
all those things then later there
was also a move there was a move
with a check that came out that when you
had a baby they gave you 2500 but of course a lot of
trouble happened I don't know what happened with
that because  seen There was a lot of waste
or they gave it to too many people you know I
mean no there weren't like many requirements in
that and and of course these are the things that happen
that I think there should be
help I think there should be help I am very much in favor of there being
help no longer by age eh Not
for young people but for
family units meeting certain requirements I
mean they are not going to give me help you
understand or they are not going to give help to
a person who has a
dental clinic or a dentist or
someone but people who are
workers eh who have very
low salaries at home and maybe the
woman Well can't work eh or or
maybe the woman works and the man can't
work but one of the two can't
work because he has to be
with the children no evidently no um I
see I am very much in favor of the issue of
help I mean I am very much in favor of there being
help for rent I am very much in
favor of there being help when
babies are born I am very much in favor of there being
eh of the housing being taxed or rather
when you buy a flat or
when you are paying rent for your
house, that should be tax deductible in your
income tax return, they removed it, okay. I am in
favour of when you
need medication when you need
medicine, that should
also be tax deductible as it was done in the past in the
annual income tax return, okay.
Eh, I am very much in favour of many things,
what I am not in favour of on the
left is them spending money
on cocaine and prostitutes, I don't know if you
will agree with me, I am very much in
favour of taxes and very well, I
think what happens is that over
the years, apart from the fact that they have been removing
benefits for the people who generate,
No, that, that money from the
state coffers, and now, now you cannot tax
deduct housing, now you cannot tax
deduct pharmacy, now I am going to give you
an invention called VAT, now I am
going to give you another invention called
self-employed quota, now I am going to give you another
invention called you know and it is going up all the time, I
mean, I think that in reality
this  Maybe I'm wrong, eh I'm not an
economist I recommend that you watch the
channel
I've gone blank alanne help me
we did a live show with him once what's his
name [ __ ] I'm going blank I'm going blank [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm
going
blank and look at me man the boy
[ __ ] I've gone blank aunt the
economist to save me how bad I've been
and me What's the boy's name I've
gone blank what the hell is happening to me eh I
read something in the chat and my head went crazy they
're cutting disability aid They're cutting all
the aid Rayo Juan Ramn Rayo [ __ ] Of
course
but I think that surely
eh yes yes yes us
[Music]
governor no but politics should
be like a second job like by
vocation but of course these people
do it to steal from you I mean those
who want to get into power those who
want to be politicians politics
should be something like let's see very
very in quotes no eh saving the
distances no but like the president of
the community and  those things, I mean, I have, I
have neighbors who like the thing
that I tell them man, but I mean, how
can you get involved in this, I don't have time to
get involved and And it's that they who like
to be president of the community or of the
intercommunity to take care of
this now I put in an electric door
now I put some machines in the gym
now I don't know what you know that likes that
thing there are people who like it and
then politics It should be a
vocation what happens is that
politics has now become a
mafia in a mafia that we are
idiots I mean because we are
their bosses really and it seems that it's the other
way around They are uh they of course are
scoundrels they raise their salaries they they
invent the taxes that they feel like they
put on they put on Well, not
only do they pay them the other day with that
idiot that I argued about
Podemos, man who earns a fortune 4,000 bucks
a month 4,000 bucks a month man, I'm not going to keep that for
myself uh I mean  I don't earn 4000
bucks when with all the money they take from me
in taxes and everything I don't
earn 4000 bucks and this guy from
Podemos earns 4000 bucks who the [ __ ] is he
a deputy from Murcia guy what are you
saying [ __ ] [ __ ] the president
of the government earns 4000 bucks 6000
bucks Well, the president of the
government is very responsible if he
did his job well okay but a
deputy of a deputy from Podemos from
Murcia earns 4,000 Of course that way they need to
take half of me of course
you know and now then a corrupt person comes out
another corrupt person Pedro Snchez
invents a job for his
brother now then the brother look at what
Pedro Snchez's brother is doing is
brutal Eh so of course politics
is going from worse to worse to worse to worse to worse to worse
instead of going from better it
's going from worse to worse to worse
But what I think is that if
things were different you know
normal salaries deserved salaries
deserved salaries but when you finish being a
politician they take that salary away from you And you
continue to your job, whatever you dedicated yourself to, you
know, salaries, logical salaries, no, no,
millionaire salaries, you know, I mean, logical salaries
and and that the money is used on what is
needed, not on you inventing an
office for the performing arts to
place your brother and for your brother to get paid
Another big salary, you know, and that
subsidies are not given to shacks and you know
So if the money was well,
well, well managed, there is no need to
take that huge amount of taxes from you and they are
given and They could give a lot
of help to people who need it,
damn, that's what they are paid for so that
people can have their education so that
people have their help then Of course you
say if we are going to see a couple, a
couple like what I am talking about when
I was young, a couple that earns a
thousand and a bit euros, what
jobs are like now, it's worth the workers that if you
don't have a career and you don't have such, no,
eh, a couple that comes in  both earn
2000 and pay rent of 600 if you
give them an aid of 200 and something euros
of 300 euros a month and and you don't pay so much VAT
so many nonsense so many things people
live no and you can give them help no And
then of course who would occupy Well
only the criminals The problem
is that then in this debate of
the occupation what happens is that it
mixes the criminal people who occupy
houses to start growing marijuana you
know or people who really are a
couple who have been thrown out of the house and
have a baby and they kick the
door of a bank which is what you say
in the Montero No man of course man Of course of course
man Of course obviously
yes yes it is a couple who is on the
street with a baby Well before staying
under a bridge I see it as normal and fine that they
kick the door of a
bank not of a house of a bank of an
apartment of an abandoned bank and they go
inside I do see that as fine what I don't see as
fine It is that three drugged people are worth or
10  They break into an apartment of mine that I own that I
bought to rent out
because I earn extra by
renting out an apartment that I inherited from
my grandmother, you know what I mean, it's not
real I mean, politics here
is about scoundrels, mafias, and mam
racho, and I imagine that someday we'll
wake up, eh But you know what
happens, eh And with this we continue
listening to na Rosa, I think that what
happens is that we are such idiots,
human beings, we are so stupid, always so
stupid, so stupid, that we are defending
useless people, there are people who are dying to
defend Irene Montero, there are people
who are dying to defend Yuso, there are
people who are dying to defend Vascal,
man, none of those who are
governing right now are
exemplary And none of them do it as they should
and and they take politics and
parties and ideologies as
football teams, you know And then they start
defending these people, you know, in a
way as if as if they were supposed to
defend them and it's like, man, if there isn't one,
we will  and we'll go out into the
street and and and we'll get someone who
does it well and there will be one who who who who
when it happens like in what like in s well
like in El Salvador and then then Then
a Bukele comes when when when
things are already bad bad bad bad
when people wake up
when people then go out into the street
and without unworthy And this and that go on
man that we pay taxes that this is not that
I have some little apartments that and
even if I had them and I had
bought them I bought them with my money and
Dolores Snchez says in the end you're going to be
right about Snchez Dolores have you
not seen the brother that they took him
the other day to testify because the guy
is paying taxes in Portugal you know on top of that on
top of that But the thing is that eh Pedro
Snchez has given his
brother a little job position that the brother doesn't
even know where it is or rather the
guy goes with all his shamelessness to
testify in court and asks him I don't
know if it's the prosecutor or a judge or I don't know what what
well but the performing arts office
What  deals Ah Well I don't know it
's the job that I have been doing for
many years but what does it do
you are the boss of what who does it manage Well I do
n't know the truth I control people but
what controls child MMM Yellow I mean
tremendous eh tremendous and the hesa says
But where is your office your office your
place of work Where is it says Well I don't
know I imagine that there and I and I haven't
looked at the salary Eh yes I have seen it Yes in the
end my brother and you are going to be right
Of course we have it the pains but
pains already pains heart daughter pains
but the thing is Hi it is to see it my soul are
things since they are to see them you
may like one or the other more and I
understand that in the end each one defends
what and votes for what interests you the most I mean
you don't vote the same when you are in
one situation as when you are in the
other when you are self-employed Well you
vote for the party that interests you because
you are self-employed and the one that benefits the
self-employed the most when you are a
person who has a salary little I do
n't know how much  Well you vote for a party that
you but there are also people who are
lazy who are ninis who don't
want to work and what they want is to be
paid a little help of 400 a month
to go to the bank to drink a beer
and with that they make a living You know then
Of course we pay just for sinners
but come on dolores Hi what about Pedro
Snchez Fina says that's not true look
and read about Snchez's brother Yes
yes Fina yes yes we have seen him sitting in
the dock with the banks is that I have
I am a shareholder in a company that is
dedicated to that sector as I am dedicated to the
production sector and others that I am
not going to mention but let's see
says Isabel is the only handsome president
we have had That is true Yabel
that is true Yabel is very handsome this
lady Who is who is Why is
my brother taking advantage of being here in
Palma who has a bone marrow transplant
says that mine if I am compatible with
him no because he wants to become a socialist
Ah the mother who gave birth to him only tells you the
lazy one that is privileged to say whatever she wants
She wins on a prime
time show like
yours but the thing is we're not on equal
footing eh We're not on equal
footing like this lady and some
other member of her party who gives me a hard time at
the headquarters of the Congress of Deputies
where I can't reply but what are
we talking about What is it what is it that we
want what do we want well that there are no
businessmen By the way
80% of the income and wealth to me
this I would have liked it to be a
face to face eh of this country is a face to face they
would have gotten it right but in a
brutal way eh And 80% of the workers
are hired by businessmen man
if she prefers Venezuela or Cuba for her
for me no eh For me I already know what the
objective is going to be today but it's going to be It's going to be
short okay I'm going to put it what I'm
going to put super chat account but
2 euros worth 2 euros and I'm going to
put Pedro Snchez
handsome I think that way you give it to me the
objective no Of course her argument Ana was that
you somehow with that with the
business that she was putting
on the table  you legitimized
Dani Estvez's activity of desocupa and
similar companies No, I deal with
occupation as I did for years and
then Rajoy governed, with
evictions, I deal with current affairs
and it's true that there are many people
who talk about Ana Rosa about her husband but if
Ana Rosa can talk about her husband and
surely she will be able to we will see about the
husband I don't remember exactly what the
husband's thing was What was the husband's thing
a misappropriation it was the husband's thing
but I also tell you, I mean it's
clear and I'm looking around in the chat
Well then Ayuso's brother yes yes yes
but if we're going to see
but if you see How you are
defending the opposite, I mean, what is
Irene Montero defending, what is
Pedro Snchez defending, what is he defending the brother
that this woman has a husband that I don't know
what, I don't know how much if it's that I don't care if it's that
I'm not going to pay
the fine or Pedro
Snchez's brother or Ana Rosa's husband I
want us to take him  the
1130 people who are here for that I
want us to
take it and Total that Irene Montero is
this has been great now to finish eh We're
done with this eh Now we
get into the bun Why have you attacked
a rose for having homes when
you have a chalet for example worth
half a million euros or more than four
houses fascist No you know
fascist journalists No you know okay
or so well if I were one of the
colleagues who is there I would ask you
know why do you attack Ana Rosa if you
have a chalet worth 600,000 euros
fascists no And the application that they have
uninstalled because she didn't use it at all
300000 knew impunity and she took out her
cho a journalist who er ask some more
questions yes about the application that they have
uninstalled she spent 300,000 on
three of the women's home they have
uninstalled cl mon But why do
you treat rapists better than
journalists Mrs. Irena
Montero but why do you treat better
the rapists who the journalists No no, it
's not that I asked, I who am not
a fascist have already reported it for
them in fact
give but I ask you why do you have to
answer Mrs. Montero, it seems that an
application of
300,000 have been uninstalled It's that you
can't do this uncle, I mean this seems
incredibly shameless to me let's
see if you are a person who collects
public money and there is a
asking you there is
a civilian asking you for explanations
How are you not going to answer how are you going to
refuse to answer low is not
fascist Us PR so violent fascists I
am violent you who do not
answer me Rosa for having housing you
have more than four homes a
family of 12 Ah who has a four who
has four homes Irene
coming
J attacks Ros let us do the
job because she attacked a Rosa how
good eh
[Music]